README.md, before:

<img style="display: block; margin: auto;" src="img/mbb.png" alt"Logo libmbb"/>

libmbb - Embedded Building Bricks
=================================

Synopsis
--------

*libmbb* is a C library assembling tools for the application development on
embedded platforms.

Features
--------

* [Hierarchical state machines](docs/HSM.md), including timers
* [Fixed-cacpacity queues](docs/Queue.md)
* [Debugging macros](docs/Debug.md)
* [Unit tests](docs/Test.md)

Tools
-----

The tools sub directory contains the following command line tools:

* `mhsm_scaffold` adds event processing function stubs to source files
* `munt_main` generates main functions for unit tests

Building
--------

*libmbb* uses the autotools for Building. To build the `configure` script you
will need autoconf and automake installed. Running `autogen.sh` should build
the `configure` script. After that it is the usual game of

	./configure
	make
	make install

Call `make check` to run the unit tests.

Dependencies
------------

* The [libev](http://software.schmorp.de/pkg/libev.html) timers backend and the
  examples using it are only compiled if `libev` and its header files are
  installed on your system
* The tools are written in and thus depend on
  [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/)

Examples
--------

* [debugging](examples/debugging.c): debugging macros
* [monostable](examples/monostable.c): multiple HSM instances, libev timers
* [pelican](examples/pelican.c): [Miro Samek's](http://www.state-machine.com/)
  [PEdestrian LIght CONtrolled (PELICAN) Crossing
  Example](http://www.state-machine.com/resources/AN_PELICAN.pdf), periodic
  timers

License
-------

*libmbb* is [MIT licensed](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Note cross-compiling and help in README

README.md, after:

<img style="display: block; margin: auto;" src="img/mbb.png" alt"Logo libmbb"/>

libmbb - Embedded Building Bricks
=================================

Synopsis
--------

*libmbb* is a C library assembling tools for the application development on
embedded platforms.

Features
--------

* [Hierarchical state machines](docs/HSM.md), including timers
* [Fixed-cacpacity queues](docs/Queue.md)
* [Debugging macros](docs/Debug.md)
* [Unit tests](docs/Test.md)

Tools
-----

The tools sub directory contains the following command line tools:

* `mhsm_scaffold` adds event processing function stubs to source files
* `munt_main` generates main functions for unit tests

Building
--------

*libmbb* uses the autotools for building. To build the `configure` script you
will need autoconf and automake installed. Running `autogen.sh` should build
the `configure` script. After that it is the usual game of

	./configure
	make
	make install

Call `make check` to run the unit tests.

Call `./configure --host=arm-linux` to cross-compile for arm-linux.

Call `./configure --help` for a general help message.

Dependencies
------------

* The [libev](http://software.schmorp.de/pkg/libev.html) timers backend and the
  examples using it are only compiled if `libev` and its header files are
  installed on your system.
* The tools are written in and thus depend on
  [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/).

Examples
--------

* [debugging](examples/debugging.c): debugging macros
* [monostable](examples/monostable.c): multiple HSM instances, libev timers
* [pelican](examples/pelican.c): [Miro Samek's](http://www.state-machine.com/)
  [PEdestrian LIght CONtrolled (PELICAN) Crossing
  Example](http://www.state-machine.com/resources/AN_PELICAN.pdf), periodic
  timers

License
-------

*libmbb* is [MIT licensed](LICENSE.txt).
